## What is this website for ? 

- [This](https://github.com/BU-IE-48B/Bugra-Taksuk-Progress-Journal) is the Buğra's Progress Journal for the course IE48B, it includes examples, related codes and report regarding the course material which is Time Series Analysis

- [In this homework](Homework_1.html) I tried to manipulate and visualize a multivariate time series data which is a motion data expressed in three dimensions(X-Y-Z) and provided in https://drive.google.com/drive/u/1/folders/13553neknux7U8why55KM1WrjgkA9IJKm . After reading the data, some manipulations are executed like melt function to see the data properly. After melting each axes, I transformed the acceleration information into speed and distance information to make visualizations meaningfull. For the visualization, I used matplotlib library and for the manipulations I used pandas library. For the first part, I used distance occured on 3D plot and most of the visualizations seemed similar to the gestures in the homework definition. For the second part, I represented the 3d data as 1d data using euclidian distance from the origin and also represented an axes with piecewise aggregate approximation. Eventually, I succceded to differ the classes.  

- [In this homework](Homework_2(5).html) In this homework, we are asked to do some penalized regression approaches for time series representations. In the first part, I solved an optimization problem which tries to minimize the penalty term in the Lasso Regression for each instance so do each class.Also, we applied sub-sampling method to find best parameter for each instance where we leave K = 10 points for test purposes for each iteration.Since there is no readily available library for Lasso Regression for python, I used "cvxpy" library to perform optimization problem. For the second part, I performed similar sub-sampling approach with decision tree classifier to decide on optimum maximum depth and found best depth values. At the third, I compared these two methods' performance with the measure "Mean Squared Value". Finally, for the last part, I defined a 1-NN classifier function to test whether our representations are better when they are get into models and compared their results via "Accuracy" measure.
