## What is this website for ? 

- [This](https://github.com/BU-IE-48B/Bugra-Taksuk-Progress-Journal) is the Buğra's Progress Journal for the course IE48B, it includes examples, related codes and report regarding the course material which is Time Series Analysis

- [In this homework](Homework_1.html) I tried to manipulate and visualize a multivariate time series data which is a motion data expressed in three dimensions(X-Y-Z) and provided in https://drive.google.com/drive/u/1/folders/13553neknux7U8why55KM1WrjgkA9IJKm . After reading the data, some manipulations are executed like melt function to see the data properly. After melting each axes, I transformed the acceleration information into speed and distance information to make visualizations meaningfull. For the visualization, I used matplotlib library and for the manipulations I used pandas library. For the first part, I used distance occured on 3D plot and most of the visualizations seemed similar to the gestures in the homework definition. For the second part, I represented the 3d data as 1d data using euclidian distance from the origin and also represented an axes with piecewise aggregate approximation. Eventually, I succceded to differ the classes.  

- [In this homework](Homework_2.html) ,we are asked to do some penalized regression approaches for time series representations. In the first part, I solved an optimization problem which tries to minimize the penalty term in the Lasso Regression for each instance so do each class.Also, we applied sub-sampling method to find best parameter for each instance where we leave K = 10 points for test purposes for each iteration.Since there is no readily available library for Lasso Regression for python, I used "cvxpy" library to perform optimization problem. For the second part, I performed similar sub-sampling approach with decision tree classifier to decide on optimum maximum depth and found best depth values. At the third, I compared these two methods' performance with the measure "Mean Squared Value". Finally, for the last part, I defined a 1-NN classifier function to test whether our representations are better when they are get into models and compared their results via "Accuracy" measure.

- [In this homework](Homework_3.html) ,we are asked to construct a pipeline which performs K-NN Classifier on 5 different time series data taken from http://www.timeseriesclassification.com/http://www.timeseriesclassification.com/. The data sets chosen for the homework are Power Consumption , ECG200, Fish , Large Kitchen Appliences and Plane Figures datasets. The desired pipeline is expected to do Cross Validation on K value on train data and to decide paramaters of representations, to construct best model and then test it on the test data based on performance measures. After looking the data set briefly, I manipulated them in a similar way and let the pipeline show me the results of the different techniques based on accuracy measures.
